to present to our government is a
little active challenge and that is similar to
same policeman challenge but different in
the sense that an athlete shoots
almost professional that had been a lot
way and I had learned and it was about
recover it from deciding it in a while
well short of Chinese in this case embargo
trujillo a story from the magazine that
will come out in February the magazine has
rescindido rose magazine is a magazine
then of rustic urban theater of
sports a little young patient that
he wants to be a shaker of everything and
within the contact interview
communication an interview about these
ravines on a thousand people about
project elements of the interview
he feels very attracted by the theme of the challenge
of isma and that as we say in their
preparations to change a person
in as little time as they are eight weeks
so the day does not live with him
we agreed
a less conventional challenge because as
You will see in some guidelines that
had the button but we think that
can reach more people and that will be more
easy that you can meet
from home or what you fuck about it is
rethink of 8 weeks and those of 13 of 1
that this next Monday to 9 of 3 that is
a Friday of the month of March two weeks
natural and simply in the
specialties that has its challenge is that
there will be no gym that is to say only
will work with two dumbbells a bar and
a bread and the challenge will be simply
transforming the body he is a
person from the Netherlands but who is not
form would not be defined and is
toned and is here with a lot of volume
and few laws are out of shape
so if the gym thing is very
important for all the people who are not
criminals you enter at home that
you enter the street that attends ponte de
free form way without going to any
center where there is this access
to all kinds of cardiovascular machines
the challenge will be in eight weeks to change its
body we totally have the way in
what we do in this challenge we will go
giving guidelines in a day and what
concrete weekly from what always
so that you can catch
reference what he wants to explain the
challenge on its own and change its
body you will only need two dumbbells and
a hand
hello good I'm marco trujillo editor
of slide in close magazine
this week we have contacted Carlos
from strongman tarraco we have made a
interview about his life his challenges his
training
during the interview I proposed
make a challenge with my body
As you can see in the video, Carlos has
explained the planning we are going to do
during these eight weeks of
training
I live in Ibiza, so we are going to do the
distance training and I have 28
years old 1 73
and then I'm going to weigh myself
as you can see weight 79 kilos 500 grams
well I hope you follow us during
these eight weeks of training to
through the youtube channel strong man
tarraco and you can see the evolution that
I will have during these eight weeks
see you later